NOISSUE - Restructure Getting Started docs (#70)
absmach/magistrala-docs: docs/dev-guide/getting-started.md

Welcome to the **Magistrala Developer Guide**! This guide provides comprehensive instructions for installing, building, running, and interacting with Magistrala, an advanced messaging platform. Follow the steps below to get started with Magistrala development, understand its architecture, and interact with the system using the **Magistrala CLI**.

## Fast Start

> If you want to try Magistrala right away without installing Go or building anything manually, just run the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To Spin up magistrala, run the following commands:
```

Or sth like that, ask gpt for a better documentation version. We don't need to talk about not installing go and all

```bash
git clone https://github.com/absmach/magistrala.git
cd magistrala
export MG_UI_DOCKER_ACCEPT_EULA=yes
make run args=-d
```

> Then open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

Reviewer: Explain to the user what they are opening and what they are using it for.

Welcome to the **Magistrala Developer Guide**! This guide provides comprehensive instructions for installing, building, running, and interacting with Magistrala, an advanced messaging platform. Follow the steps below to get started with Magistrala development, understand its architecture, and interact with the system using the **Magistrala CLI**.

## Fast Start

> To spin up magistrala and start using its messaging platform and dashboard UI, run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To spin up Magistrala, run the following commands:
```

```bash
git clone https://github.com/absmach/magistrala.git
cd magistrala
export MG_UI_DOCKER_ACCEPT_EULA=yes
make run args=-d
```

> Once the services are running, open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the services are running, open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to view the UI. This is the Magistrala web-based platform, where you can manage clients, channels, messages, and view system activity in real time.
```
